ref(AM): Change names of `rps` and `rpm` functions (#1706)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/performance/performance-metrics.md

## P99 Threshold
The P99 Threshold indicates that 1% of transaction durations are greater than the threshold. For example, if the P99 threshold is 5 seconds, then 1% of transactions exceeded that threshold, taking longer than 5 seconds.

## Throughput (Total, TPM, TPS)

> Throughput indicates the number of transactions over a given time range (Total), average transactions per minute (EPM), or average transactions per second (EPS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughput indicates the number of transactions over a given time range (Total), average transactions per minute (TPM), or average transactions per second (TPS).
```

Author: Dammit - caught this on Friday and then forgot to push. 🤦🏻‍♀️

Thank you!
